OK, let me share my screen.
So we're we're going to review the
database schemas, right? John,
this column.
Uh, yeah, I'd like to review the.
The tables and schema,
at least as far as what they what they
are, what they're doing, so forth.
OK,
shall we start with the document hub
database?
Let's start with the.
Uh, let's start with the print.
And OK.
That's the beginning of the system, right?
The rapper or the?
One second.
All of it.
Yeah.
Uh, do you have?
OK, one second. Let me open that.
Platform, right.
That's that's in the platform, right,
Raji?
Latform.
You're talking about document,
general table.
Yeah.
Uh, give me a second.
It's in communication document
communication, yeah.
Service. OK, I got it. OK, let me share.
2.
OK.
This one is from the old doc audit log,
right? This this is the proxy one, right?
Oh yeah.
Yeah, that's the.net.net one.
OK and this.
Later microservice one so.
On the right side it should be.
So that was what we, I think, left.
This one this is.
Is yeah,
we designed this new what you call ledger
table.
So we had that would be.
Having like.
It's yeah,
it's slightly different from what we have
currently been using in the wrapper.
There's a few things.
OK, OK. So the wrapper one is this.
Which one is that one?
It's the proxy tab, not the platform.
OK, proxy, OK.
Yeah,
so on the first first one over there left.
Zoom in on the left near that start.
So yeah, that ticket. Yeah, that one.
So there's three more columns.
I think it's missing from here.
I added right now.
OK, so John, John,
this is the the wrap what you call proxy
1 oxygen table we have.
Like.
Document journal ID ECMS key.
The process is key.
Processor description. OK,
is it visible to you or is it very small?
I can sort of see it.
It's it's better now,
Doing.
Huh.
but this is the legacy one, right?
This is the proxy one.
Proxy which way?
The one currently being used by the
clients.
No, it's not it.
And there we it's got an ECMS key in here.
We actually putting anything in this.
No, it's a empty column.
We're gonna change that to document hub
ID.
OK.
And do we have a column that defines
whether these are required or optional?
Required or optional which?
These fields.
We have not null columns.
We have not know, but.
You have.
What?
Not null columns that that means we have
to have a value in this column.
What doesn't necessarily mean that it
could have a default value that gets put
in there if you don't pass something. Um.
So.
Like ECMS key,
you said you're not putting anything in
there. It's a UUID.
You don't have anything in here about
that at all.
So how do I know that that's if not a
required field?
Because you said it's empty at the moment,
right?
Yeah,
that will be null value if you don't put
anything.
It'll what?
It would in what you call it,
just keep a null value out there if you
OK,
so that means that's not a required field.
don't add any.
Not record for yes.
OK,
there should be something indicating that
because when I look at this I have no
idea if it is or not.
Mhm.
So I said we need to start cleaning up
our database definitions and these little
screenshots that we put in these diagrams.
That's not a proper.
Database table diagram.
We should have these tables build out in
Mhm.
um.
And this also.
You know what I'm saying?
You should have an entity diagram created
Mm-hmm. OK. Yeah, I'll.
for these.
Otherwise,
how are we ever gonna do a data
dictionary?
Because there needs to be a data
dictionary for all these tables.
OK.
Um, anyway,
so let's go with what we got to here.
This is a document journal ID.
Is this the same document journal ID
that's in the other tables?
The one we've seen for the reprint.
And this is the primary good.
Yep.
OK.
Then you see.
Processor key.
Who's a processor?
Downstream service.
So in this case for authentis,
it's returning us our reference number.
We're storing it as processor key.
So it's the consumer, the the renderer,
right? OK.
Contumer cracking ID.
Yeah, yeah.
Description, individual key,
customer identifier, account key,
account agent.
I take it those are not required fields.
The main key.
What's the domain key?
So domain key in in case like the
processor description was application.
I I mean the if the application type was
application instead of an account then
instead of passing a account ID for
authentis they would be passing us an
application ID so.
We would use domain key for any other
primary keys or application IDs or
So you're you're saying this is like
customer service acquisitions,
anything else.
is that what you're saying the domain is
because the domain is typically not a
Mhm.
No,
it was supposed to be more general like I
product you're you're.
I I haven't kept it specifically as
domain key to use as an extra column in
case anything was needed.
I understand,
but typically a domain is like accounts,
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
right? Or payments.
Is that what's being passed in here?
Currently it's only being used for
application IDs.
Which application is calling it if they
have a specific ID?
So you're actually putting the ID in here
or you're putting the the fact that it's
from application process?
We're putting the IDs in there.
So how do you know which type it is?
How do you know it's an application ID
versus a customer ID?
We have a field for customer ID and a
separate parameter for accepting customer
ID.
You're missing my point.
You you have a a key that you're putting
In the request.
in here that you're saying is application.
Yes.
But it could be something else.
If it's something else,
how do I know what it is?
That's OK.
If application type column the one below
that.
Right. Yep.
Right now it's only accounts for
application and accounts so.
Application.
And what if it's from digital banking?
We'll need to update application type and
use the any.
Wait, is this an Enum?
Yeah.
We shouldn't have an enum in there,
remember,
Oh, it's.
because I don't want enums for things
that can be added to.
It's enforced to Swagger hub right now,
but I don't think the database column is
a, you know, it's a character bearing.
Yeah, it's enforced through open API spec,
so we can change that.
Yeah,
because they're gonna actually do an
audit against the API specs against the
actual stuff and grade us on that.
So we need to make sure everything
matches.
Uh.
The data.
So OK, so metadata in this case has more.
Entirety of the payload request payload.
OK, status.
This is the OK,
this is the actual table created by.
So isn't this this is a Ledger table or
is this a regular table?
Not a Ledger table.
We updated the status in the same column.
OK.
So it's a audit, audit log, audit table.
That's what we were calling it previously.
OK.
So what are these three columns?
Document request number?
Yeah, those were recently added new ones.
There's one more for actor type as well.
I'm just adding it here.
Template code. What is that?
Oh, the letter template code.
In this case it would be.
We didn't have that in there already.
It wasn't there previously,
so we added it a few months back.
But it wasn't there.
Yes, previously it wasn't there.
We would need to check in the metadata,
so we we wanted to get the template.
Mm.
Why is our card left for?
Insight.
That was I think SA needed the card last
four to be displayed for the UCRM
requirement for their UI.
They were displaying the card last four,
so we needed a column specifically for
this and we that's why we were fetching
it at the very beginning of.
Any process if.
Yeah,
I wish you to talk to me about that
because that doesn't belong in here.
Right.
If they need to know the card last four,
they should go query it for that account.
But yeah, UCRMCUI.
Mhm.
It's not part of the print.
Yeah, UCRM's UI is using it and like,
I think that, yeah.
I don't care.
It still doesn't belong there.
If they need it,
then there should have been an
orchestration API that when they pull the
data, goes out and joins the account.
to that information before it returns it
to there.
That's what their whole BFF layers for.
It doesn't belong in the print.
Mhm.
Is actor type? What is that?
Because there can be letters and stuff in
here that we print that have no card
It's a.
number can be lots of correspondence.
Right. For that we keep a -,
1 default value through the process,
not through the database,
but through the business logic right now.
We need to get, yeah,
that doesn't belong in here.
That needs to come out and that needs to
be done through the API.
Yep.
Actor type. That's right about OK.
Where's the Ledger database definition?
Yeah.
OK.
Why is there two of the? Oh, this is.
What is the one on the right represent?
This is the description I've added like
before we got to just the description.
This is the what we call. Yeah, yeah,
yeah, yes.
Call for the fields on the left.
That's the description on the right.
So for this Ledger, there's missing stuff.
So remember on any Ledger there should be
a a column that says the entry type is.
Remember we talked about that?
Uh.
Enter it.
So this Ledger should be the same.
You know,
I don't want to have a dozen different
ledgers.
There should be 1 Ledger or whether it's
print, reprint.
Document hub retrieval, whatever.
So there needs to be 1 Ledger table and
OK.
then different columns added to
distinguish. OK,
what wrote the Ledger entry? You know,
did it come from a print request?
Did it come from a document hub request?
Did it come from a read or send request?
And there should be a a column that
defines what type of for that given row
in the Ledger, what is it? In other words,
is this the initial entry?
Is this a status change?
Is this, you know, a final entry there?
I don't know off the top of my head.
I don't have all the different types that
would be there,
but because if I come into this Ledger
and I want to see the original entry that
has all the payloads,
because this should have.
That a record in it that has the payload
from the other record also, right?
Hmm, Yep.
The answer is yes.
So that's the initial entry record and if
I want to go in there and query that,
I should build a filter on the this
Ledger row type, you know,
for whatever we call it,
let's say it's the initial entry and I
should be able to just filter on that and
then not see all the.
Update ledger entries after that or I
should be able to just go filter and
retrieve all the ledger entries for a
given rint request.
The initial entry would contain the
request.
Of course this this Ledger has everything
that happens to this request.
Mhm.
So you have a table on the left here.
That's not the Ledger,
but the other table we just looked at.
It's a status table.
Yes.
Uh huh.
It gets updated and stuff,
but the Ledger everything.
Mhm.
That happens should have a Ledger entry,
because all you're doing is added entries
to this. You don't have to search, find,
update anything.
You're adding a new role every time
something happens,
and that's happening for the entire life
cycle of something.
So the first time it's created,
it gets put in here when it gets added to
when the producer creates topic item.
It gets added in here when the you know
we should be able to trace the the life
cycle of this print request all the way
through the system until the end by
seeing journal entry Ledger entries in
here where on the other one all you see
is the current status.
You don't see what happened to get to
that status. To see that whole path,
you look in the Ledger, you know,
cause it'll show the current entry when
it went through the producer,
when it got picked up by the consumer,
you know when it got saved in the
document hub, when it got pulled from the.
Delivery hub, you know,
when it got sent out the door for HOV
versus Broadridge,
all of those things has a journal entry
and there should be an identifier to say,
OK, what type of entry is this?
Where did it come from? You know?
So not every column in that that Ledger
will be there every time,
but there'll be a row for every time
something happened.
And then we can filter on the grouping of
those ledgers,
because there's also has to be some kind
of identifier that says, OK,
these are all the ledger entries for a
given request,
whether it be a print request or a a
reprint request, you know.
So that you can just go back and say, OK,
give me all the Ledger entries for this
reprint. Oh,
I see this got put into Kafka topic,
but nothing has ever picked it up yet.
So you can trace the history of what
happened at that request in there.
And currently there's not enough
information in this Ledger table to do
that.
At you have event origin service.
I take it that's what says where it came
from. Maybe event status. OK,
that's request received,
Mm-hmm. Yes. Yep.
document generated. OK,
that could be used to put.
The types in there,
although I prefer it to be a number
instead of text.
Template type uh but.
Vendor,
they're they're just missing things in
here because if you go back and look in
this Ledger,
it should have everything in it to
reproduce that request.
And it's currently missing that
information.
You would have to go to the other table
to get it.
Mhm.
But the ledger's a stand alone entity.
You should have everything from the
beginning to the end.
A quick question, John,
where do you want to store the request
payload? So that metadata Jason BLOB,
right?
That's where we're storing the request.
Do you want it in the Ledger or the?
Well, if it doesn't have it in there,
there needs to be one because it's just
it's going to be a Jason object.
So it could if that's what's going to go
Alright, alright.
into metadata,
then that's fine because the metadata
Right, it's in the, it's in the audit log,
right? But if you put it in the ledger,
could be.
there's gonna be duplicate, so.
Well, well, yes,
there's going to be a duplicate there.
That's fine. That's all right.
There is a metadata in the Ledger here,
but the metadata is going to be different
depending upon the type and the source of
the Ledger entry,
right for a reprint request.
Mm-hmm.
It will look different than a print
request because the reprint request and
the metadata could have an extra address
in it.
M.
The print request may or may not,
so even for the same letter,
a reprint metadata is going to be
different and it won't have an entry in
the document journal ledger. No,
excuse me,
it won't have a a reprint won't have an
entry in the.
Rent table that we were looking at
earlier.
Currently it does about.
Because.
Why? It's not a print request.
It's a the print.
It's already been generated.
The print table was only for generation
of new documents.
It would have a Ledger entry,
but it shouldn't have a.
Right.
Rendering table entry because it's
already been rendered.
All's we're doing is resending it to the
customer so that there would be a
document journal Ledger entry,
but there's not going to be the other
table that shows the status of a print
request because you're not printing
anything.
And when I say print,
I'm talking about rendering the PDF
OK. OK. OK. Yeah.
because it's already been rendered,
not actual printing of the paper.
We got to be careful not to confuse when
we say print because the first table that
we enters into the system simply renders
the the PDF.
It doesn't actually print anything and
that has its own table with statuses and
Mm-hmm. Yeah.
everything.
But this document Ledger is shared
between the rendering, the resending,
all those different systems.
So that's why it has a source to say
where this entry's coming from,
and then the metadata is going to look
different depending upon those different
sources.
And that's one table that we can see all
the communications that is happening from
all these different systems.
Otherwise you have to go to the
individual system like you know,
the document rendering part and look in
those tables.
And then go to the document hub and look
at its tables and then go to the delivery
hub and look at its tables.
There there's you got a bunch of
disparate systems with different statuses,
whereas the document journal Ledger,
it has the entries for all of those
systems.
So you can you can easily come in here
and query and see you know what the
initial entry points were and see that OK,
this was initial initial entry from the
delivery hub,
so we know that is a resend or a reprint.
And uh.
An initial request to render the PDF and
then from there it went to the document
hub to be saved and then from there it
went to the delivery hub to be delivered
and it got printed and it went to HOV.
And you can see that.
All from the document journal Ledger.
You're you're not.
You're only going to see parts of that
from the individual table. Like you,
you might see who the print vendor was
done and you might say it was printed,
but you don't know all the steps that
happened along the path, right?
That comes from this journal.
Right, yes. So for the reprint one,
currently in the wrapper we are storing
That makes sense what I'm describing?
the reprint request as well for our
statement and disclosures and that same
that same request payload is being
retried again by UCRM.
For the requirement for that front end UI
of theirs.
OK,
I really don't care what it's doing right
now.
I'm just defining what it needs to do in
Yeah, yeah.
the future.
We need to move that somewhere else.
That what happens,
what we're doing now is when we go to the
migration of the data that we have now to
what it's going to be,
then we'll have to figure out how to
transform that data into the the new look
and feel of these new tables.
Mhm.
OK, understood.
But if we don't have the structure
correct for the new platform,
that transformation piece is going to be
a nightmare. So as I said,
this document journal Ledger,
it's going to be a common Ledger that's
shared by all of those systems and that's
the Ledger.
This is the item also that we're talking
about, you know?
When everything is dropping event status
updates to the topic that updates,
this Ledger should have an entry for
everything that gets dropped in there.
You know,
it may also update some other tables,
but there should always be a journal
entry, Ledger entry.
Every time.
Just as an FYI.
So the journal entry would be originate
from this table, right John?
This is the origin of this the one which
we are using in proxy.
Which table is this?
OK, this is for the initial. OK,
So what was your question?
Yes.
So this this is the one originating this
particular journal ID and from there
OK.
we'll be appending this tables for that
particular journal ID, right?
Yes.
Keep on adding. OK so but this is for.
There should be a correlation ID in there
too, but I don't see it.
OK.
Correlation on UK.
So OK,
so but there would be multiple entries
right for or different types of requests
like for getting the uploading a document
that that will hit the document hub
directly, right?
So how so so would that put a information
here in this table and then start?
Yes.
Well,
this table you just told me was when the
initial print request, right?
Yeah.
So this table doesn't get any entry in it
for a reprint.
Yeah.
Or from a document hub.
This table is only used when you render
the PDF.
OK.
Once that PDFS are rendered,
this status goes to whatever your final
status is completed, whatever.
But every single time something changes,
Mhm.
you get an entry into the.
Journal Ledger.
You know when it was submitted for print
after it was complete that then it gets
Sure.
OK.
transferred into document hub that gets a
an entry.
The document hub saves that data to ECMS
that gets a journal Ledger entry then.
Mhm.
The value gets dropped into the topic
that gets a journal over in a journal
entry. You know every step of the way.
Think of it almost as a logger of what's
happening as a as something passes
through the system.
You know,
when it gets picked up from the topic and
processed, it gets a journal entry.
I should be able to use this to
troubleshoot what happened to the
document by simply going in here and
looking for a given request.
What was the last step that was completed
in this Ledger?
I have a a very quick,
easy way to see the whole life cycle of
what happened to a either a print request,
a reprint request,
or somebody just pulling something out of
the document hub.
All that should be in here.
Now what I don't want to put in here.
Is every time somebody requests something
from the document hub,
but anytime something is saved to the
document hub, we will put it in there.
But I don't want to put the request to
retrieve anything from the document hub
in here.
So there is that difference.
Mm-hmm. But John,
we have in a requirement, right?
Like for the UI shows what was the last
time that who? OK,
who request viewed the document?
That's fine.
We're talking about creating an analytics
table for that. That doesn't go in here.
Yeah.
Doesn't worry in here, OK.
OK.
Because that if it's just the last time
it was documented,
you could do an update on a column for a
given document and you don't need to
Mhm.
create 10 million records for every time
somebody used it.
Because remember,
we create a new row every time we write
something to this.
And every time somebody looks at a
document, I don't want to write a new row.
Mm-hmm. Not in here, you're saying,
but we need to have an in the analytic
Not in this.
That can be updated in a different
analytic table for that.
build.
OK.
Think I have that somewhere capture that
thing, right?
I think this is the table energy.
Document events table.
I.
Now do you have one record in here or do
you that you keep updating or is it like
for any given document event or storage
index or you just updating it?
Maybe Ledger kind of table like every
request to get in.
Oh, you did that? Who created?
OK, I think I will let your that will be.
So viewed.
So this is going to be a problem because
if you use viewed and you have a shared
document, you're going to get millions,
literally millions of entries in here for
viewing a shared document.
If you write a record every single time
it's viewed.
And what would be the purpose of it?
Because what you really want to know is
who viewed it, right?
Not the fact that that document was just
Yeah.
viewed.
Yeah, that that would be like actor ID,
right? Who? Who gave that request?
And bugs.
Well, I don't know.
I don't just see descriptions in here,
OK, OK. OK.
so half the time I don't understand what
you're subtle hint.
Uh.
OK, yeah,
I didn't get a chance to do that actually.
Yeah, you you can add a column there and.
That would be.
So.
Did the things.
So I have only three three options like 3
columns.
2.
And if it's for the person that's doing
it,
is it the customer ID you put in there?
What what information you put in the
Hmm.
actor type?
Because typically a type tells me it's
like an agent customer, not their.
Agent. Yeah, agent.
OK, so if it's an agent, uh.
What if it's a customer and then the if
it's if it's an agent,
you you don't know what they're what,
who they're viewing that for, right?
And you're not going to display that for
an agent anywhere.
Yeah.
So I'm not sure what the purpose of that
is.
It only makes sense when you're talking
about for a customer.
Yep.
So let's say it is for a customer and
then you're putting the customer ID in.
Yeah.
Wouldn't you really want to do the
account because you can have different
Yes.
shared documents for the different
accounts.
So when you're looking at it that this
customer looked at this shared document,
you don't know which account it was
associated to, do you?
Hmm.
Yeah, should we go?
Source app device OK.
But a particular document is associated
with only with a certain account, right?
Yeah,
but you got to re re-engineer the path
that would associate it.
People use these Ledger entries for
analytics.
That's why it's in an analytics scheme
and that does that means they don't want
to have to go back and.
Do some kind of algorithm to figure out
who called it. You know,
they know it was this customer,
but that customer's got five accounts.
So do they they really have to go through
and figure out which account was
associated to this particular document?
Or should it just say that when they're
doing their analytics?
Because if you have to figure it out,
then they can't do it in a query.
So their analytics has failed.
Oh.
Without a bunch of joins for different
types of lookups.
On.
The transactional web has the requirement
even in legacy wherein they need to
display the first time like the timestamp
the document was downloaded the first
Mhm.
time or viewed the first time.
And that's fine.
I'm not saying that you don't put a
record in here.
All I'm saying is you have enough
information to actually retrieve it
without going out and doing a bunch of
other queries for each entry that you're
trying to pull back.
We could just dump if you can just,
we could just dump the request payload
So that's why the account ID is.
inside the event data, right? Whatever,
say what do you call fluid column.
We could add those information here.
For any even type like who requested who,
what?
For what?
What are the parameters of the payload?
Kemari.
Sure, once you get the data back,
but that's not what analytics is used for.
So let's say that the.
The person in that's doing this analytics
they want to see.
2.
How many accounts and which accounts?
View the disclosure for this month.
A specific disclosure.
Hmm.
So the query against the um.
I don't even know where you have what
they viewed is in here. Let's see.
So you've got a viewed record.
How do you know what they viewed?
Yeah.
This is the Suresh index ID, right?
So that would be the document.
But that still doesn't tell them what it
is.
It just shows them is that storage index
from ECMS or is it document hub?
It's it's on the ECMS. This is the no,
this is the.
Storage index from here.
OK, so to find out what this document is,
we have to do a join from our analytics
table to our document or to our document
hub instance table to our template table
Yeah.
That will be a expensive join, John.
to find out what the document was.
Yeah, it's mine.
That's what I'm trying to get at.
Mhm.
If this is a analytic schema specifically
for documents, you should denormalize it.
Or am I saying that backwards?
You should put more information in here
OK.
rather than less and put the document or
the template type at least in here so you
Mhm.
know what it is.
Because you think about what what's this
Mhm.
table being used for?
It's being used to do analytics.
Mm-hmm.
So that means I want to just in my where
clause for when I'm querying things,
there's certain things I'm going to query
on, right?
The whole purpose of a document is to be
able to say which document I want to look
at. So I want to define that without,
you know, joining 3 tables together.
Um,
especially when they could be in
completely different databases.
In this case they're not,
but you know they could be.
So at least the things you're going to
put in your where clause,
you want to put a fields in the table.
And that way your your query is a lot
less expensive.
Mhm.
Am I?
I mean, I'm not a database designer,
but this just makes sense to me.
Mm.
So you have an event type, which is good.
You say viewed.
Now you have an account ID in there.
So you have what account it belongs to.
Then you should have some kind of,
like I said,
Yeah.
that identifies because the instance
record doesn't tell you what the document
was. It's the template that it belongs to,
right? Should there be?
Yeah.
So there should be some kind of field
from the template that gets put in here
Mhm.
to say what this is. Like,
was this a statement?
OK.
Was it a shared document? You know,
was it a regular document?
Mhm.
You got to have enough information in
here.
Mhm.
We're going to make a table and put data
in it.
You got to have enough data to make it
useful.
OK.
OK, I think. Mm-hmm.
That's all I'm saying.
And you got to think about that a little
bit.
How is this going to be used in a query?
So.
This,
this is the reason I wanted to review
these tables because because a lot of
times I think we just sit down and say,
Mhm.
OK,
let's slap together something real quick
and without really analyzing what we're
doing.
So this is used specifically for
analytics that they're using for,
I.
you know, back office, the website,
things like that, so.
OK.
You got to put the information in here
that can easily be retrieved.
Because also you got to remember if this
is going on the website,
if you're retrieving information from
here,
you don't want that query to take 5
minutes.
Yeah.
It needs to happen pretty quick.
And without the proper fields to query
against and the proper indexes,
that's just not going to happen so.
So let's add,
go ahead and think about this table for a
little bit.
I just want you guys to go through the
exercise.
If you were going to use this table to do
Mhm.
reporting or information on stuff,
what fields would you need in there so
that if you didn't have any other tables
to go against and you only had this one?
What would you need to do to do that?
Mm.
And then I'll just review that because I
still think there's a couple of things
missing here.
Mhm.
But I want you guys to go through that
exercise because I'm not going to be here
forever to do this for you.
So you guys need to start thinking along
this way to say, OK,
if I'm creating this and this is part of
our platform and people from all
different areas like risk or.
Data warehouse or you know the business
people and they want to analyze this data.
What kind of data do I need to put in
here and then how do they query it?
Because this has a different purpose than
our other Ledger,
our our other journal Ledger that lets us
track the beginning to the end life cycle
of a given request.
This is specific types of things that
you're doing for,
and that other one is not for analytics
either. It's not.
It could be used for analytics,
but it's not really designed for that.
This you're saying you're specifically
designing this for analytics for people
to do reporting on it to get statistics.
Right.
When was the first time something
happened?
When was the last time something happened?
How many times did it happen? You know,
that's what your different view types and
stuff would be.
And for is it for a given person or is it
just for a given document type?
Like if I just want to know how many
people went out and viewed statements
this month?
Was it 10 or was it a 10 million?
You know,
I should be able to just come in here and
say I want to see a document type of
statements and then give it a time range
from your event time stamp and then get a
count back for viewed event type and then
get that.
You know, count.
Or I might want to say, oh,
how many times did, you know,
Joe Dawson go out and view his statements?
You know, seven times this month.
He must be nervous for some reason.
He keeps checking his statements.
Maybe he's got an ambitious wife and
she's going out and charging everything
all the time.
So he's he's trying to see what she's
charging. So you know.
So.
We need that kind of information in here.
So one more question.
So we don't need any counter columns in
here, right?
Something that keeps incrementing,
Account.
If you're gonna if it's on Ledger and
no counter, some sort of.
you're putting an entry in here,
then you can just do a count on the Um.
OK.
On the number of rows for that view type.
But earlier you had this,
I mean like a while back you mentioned
there might also be this concern where in
this table might get really bloated up if
we were to record each each time a
document is viewed by a particular
customer.
Yes,
when you when you're when you're not
And.
putting the customer in it.
But if you're going to put the customer
in it,
then that data now makes sense before
just putting something that's viewed,
but you don't know who it's being viewed
by.
It makes no sense to just keep writing a
bunch of records.
It's not that I was trying to say that
what I was trying to get at is it's not
that that information is not helpful,
but you need to make it so that it
actually makes sense.
So if if you're just going to say that
somebody viewed this, and it was 10,
000 times, that's useless.
Other for except very niche type of query.
It's more saying, okay,
I want to know who
Viewed their statements this month.
Return me a list of which accounts.
Now you can actually go in there and from
the viewed entries say OK for each person
these are the persons and then for each
person they had five views or three views
you know.
And it's.
It becomes a little bit more problematic
if they want to say, OK,
if they have 10 statements,
which statement did they view that many
times?
This said this Ledger doesn't have that
information in it,
but I don't know that that's necessarily.
Needed either at that point,
because I can't imagine any statistical
query that they would need to know that.
So that's an action item.
I want you guys to think about what
should be in here,
which columns need to be indexed.
And if you're going to partition this
table, say, let's only keep, uh let's say,
a year's worth of data,
how would you do that?
Would be on even time step.
What's that?
Even timestamp like when the when the
records were created like.
Okay.
But let's say that you have an event
timestamp.
But there were thirty records written for
that that um
Well, I guess that doesn't matter.
You can just use the event timestamp.
So you can have a partition on the event
timestamp and then when you go to,
let's say it's a month partition,
you got to be careful because I don't
know if you can do a your event timestamp
actually goes out to the minute and
second, right?
Yeah.
But when you're doing a partition,
you typically only do it down to the date
level, not the time.
So you may you have to check to see if.
I don't know if you can do a partition on
just the date part of a date time stamp
field.
You may have to have another date field
in here somewhere.
Mhm.
You might be able to.
I just don't know off the top of my head
if you can or not.
I don't know enough about partitions to
say that,
but the easiest way to do mass operations
against tables and not affect their
operation is to put partitions in and by
partitioning against a month.
For a bunch of records, you can just say,
OK,
I want to go through and delete all the
records, you know,
past November of 2023 and it'll just drop
them all.
Mhm.
Regardless of all the other fields.
Mhm.
Yes, it's this is a Ledger table.
It's another one that will grow very
quickly,
so we have to have a way to manage it so
it just doesn't go forever.
Yeah.
Yeah,
I think we can have for if you are
planning to have a partition in it month
or year, we could have.
Anthony error column, something like that.
I would,
I would probably actually talk to a
database architect and get some advice on
the best way to do that.
Huh. OK, OK.
We don't have to invent everything
ourselves,
but we should use resources to come up
with those designs.
Sure.
But I do expect you guys to think through
the scenarios to say what information we
Mhm.
need.
And create descriptions and the data
dictionaries with entity diagrams for all
this stuff.
Otherwise,
you guys are still going to try to go
through recordings from six months ago in
the future when I'm gone to figure out
what everything is doing.
If we document it correctly,
anybody can come in and look at this
table designs with the data or the data
descriptions and stuff and know exactly
how everything operates.
Mhm.
OK, John,
another thing we want to discuss is
Sure.
yesterday me and Sai were looking at the
UI. Sai, do you have that open?
OK, I'll let me open this.
See if I it would log in here.
Got 10 minutes guys and I got another
meeting I gotta jump to so.
Oh, here you are.
Hopefully we can get through that.
I'll I'll share the payload just one
second.
Have the.
Yes, one moment.
Yeah, or probably, yeah, just OK,
try logging to one of those accounts.
Still.
Statements.
OK.
You go to the document statements,
create account ID.
Yeah.
Could you expand on general
communications?
Uh, yeah. Can you please expand on that?
Yeah.
So, John, we have what? Is this the one?
Yeah,
general communication is at the bottom,
right? Yeah.
It.
So we have what we called miscreant
statements as categories here.
Yep, Yep.
And under that we have doc type as
paperless.
So for paperless we are seeing multiple.
Hold it, hold it.
What do you mean a document type is
paperless?
So as per the UI what you call
categorization, this is the type.
Yeah,
the document type is being written as
paperless letter currently from legacy,
so.
What does that mean?
Because paperless is a option,
it's it's not a document type.
There is no given document that's a
paperless document unless it's designed
to never, ever be printed.
Which was the document?
So if you look here right,
we have two HTML letters names right
FF083 and if you can Scroll down we also
have FF518.
FF 083.
And they are the latest John,
which are like AEM generates on the fly
I under. I understand that,
but they can also be printed too, right?
from the template, yeah.
Because you're going to LPS to pull out
those letters,
and the fact that they're enrolled in
paperless just means it showed in the
document area,
but it could actually be printed.
That's why I'm saying something this this
is screwed up because it shouldn't be
returning the type as paperless.
The it's not paperless,
they're enrolled in paperless.
So we're pulling the values for those LPS
letters, the variables,
so they can be displayed as PDF.
But the type is not paperless,
so whatever's in the legacy system that's
returning that is is incorrect.
Because what does it mean?
It means nothing.
S.
So one question so so the letter FF083
right?
And the FF518V V 001 so those so those
would be would belong to a different
Yeah.
document type.
Type.
Well, in this particular case,
I imagine they probably reference the
HTML template that you're using to
generate the letter, right?
Yes.
These are the letters which you you
worked on, Sai.
No, right.
So when we're trying to map this to
document hub, right? So each.
So each category and document type would
be at least as per the current definition.
Each.
Each each document type would be
associated with one with a particular
template, right?
But yesterday when we're going by this
Yes.
definition, like you know,
just seeing how it's currently in legacy.
It it looked like one document type at
least.
I mean you mentioned it's incorrect,
but one one document type having multiple
templates, right?
In this case it would be FF083 and FF518.
So.
So will there be a case like that?
Let me let me explain what's going to
happen.
So the reason this even came about is
because the legacy system used those
bloody HTML letters for some of the
letters to be displayed in the document
or document message center in the web.
The new platform that's going away.
Everything is a PDF.
And we have an interim solution in there
that can still go back and pull the
values from LPS to create a PDF.
But in the future,
when it's all on the new platform,
there will be no HTML.
Letters. It's all going to be a PDF.
So you're not going to have these HTML
letter names. There will be no HTML.
It's only going to be the letter,
and that'll be the document type,
basically.
Now we have an interim problem because.
Um.
We still have some of these that are LPS
that haven't been generated with a new
platform, right?
O that format that says HTML,
what's the other value that it could be
to say PDF or what?
OK, format. You're saying format using.
Yes, it can be.
Yeah, we did. We did.
Yeah, what's this?
So you have PDF or you have HTML, right?
Yeah,
that's the that's the tool which we are
seeing here, yeah.
So for when it's PDF,
that would be the regular document name,
right?
They're document type. Excuse me,
you you're scrolling way faster than I
Yeah.
Oh, oh, sorry. OK.
can follow. You're making my stomach sick,
so.
OK, cardholder agreement type is.
OK.
And then HTML letter name is null for
those types that are PDF.
Yes.
So for the ones that are format HTML,
you have an HTML letter name, right?
They go sort of together.
Yeah.
Now.
Do all your HTML say paperless?
This one is paperless, yes.
I imagine all the HTML was what paper was
right because you can only see the HTML
ones on the message or the document
center in the web.
Yeah, looks like it, yeah.
So basically that type is worthless
because it it means the same thing as
HTML.
We have OK for PDFS we do have has
stimulated name. Oh no,
it's not always null.
Why would you have an HTML letter name
for a PDF?
And that's how currently, uh,
that's how currently the information
And that that's not used actually.
That might be, you know, like.
we're getting.
Wrongly mapped. Is it used?
Is that property HTML returning?
Or is this a shared?
This might be a shared document as well.
OK.
So this doesn't have ID.
So I got to go for another meeting guys,
but I want to revisit this because I
Yes.
think this is important.
So let's set up another meeting sometime
OK.
in the future and we'll start here and
continue because this is a bit of a mess
Surely.
and we need to straighten it out.
Yeah.
Yes, yeah.
We wanted to understand like how when
we're storing those HTML templates right
in document help, like what would they be?
Would they be mapped to certain document
type category or would they?
Yeah, there's.
That's just it.
Document hub won't have any HTML
Be like some stand alone documents.
templates.
Because we only store.
Letters in there, not HTML.
I take that back there.
There could be HTML or even XML in there,
but it won't be a letter.
It could be an e-mail or it could be some
other.
But we'll be storing,
but in the other tables,
like in the template definition tables,
we would be storing the HTML that was
used to actually render the document in
the storage index table, right?
Right.
And there won't be anything in the ECMS.
Yes, we talked about that the other day.
But like I said, guys,
I I gotta go or I'll be late.
I'm other meeting,
Yeah, sure, sure, yeah.
Sure, yeah.
but we need to revisit this again.
Sure. Yeah,
I'll set up something tomorrow, John.
Yeah.
All right,
and hopefully we get some of those other
tables updated.
Sure.
All right. Thanks, guys.
Thanks for.